oh yeah yeah I had a good time today on
this is my first time coming here I
enjoyed it I think I had the best first
time experience ever
I enjoyed the parade I enjoyed the
children going crazy over Mickey Mouse's
it was such a great experience
yeah like like Malcolm said it's it's
been nothing but awesomeness I've been
fortunate enough to come here but
experiencing like this after a Super
Bowl win getting to say those words I'm
going to Disneyland stream
looking for what's they brought me to
the Space Mountain the space bound I
didn't know it was gonna be that
exciting but I had a great time on it
this is a wonderful beautiful place man
and I know if I ever bring my niece's
back here they have a great time so this
is just a great place and they're good
experience just to be able to see this